Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
My birth was
unconventional at best.
My first memory
was waking up in the forest.
Like a newborn baby, I had no idea
who I was or what was happening.
My eyes weren't sure
what they were seeing.
Every sight, sound and feeling
was unfamiliar.
Every species is born with instincts
that ultimately create
a balance with nature.
Every species,
except the one I was born into.
I came across a beast
with two voices.
I was thankful
to have found a companion.
Come on, sweetie.
Freak.
Show's over, kid.
What's your name?
Who are you?
Soon I was taken to a new place
with fences and sad faces.
Lori?
Are you getting up?
Declan!
Like sometime this year?
Let's all have breakfast together
for a change. I'm making pancakes.
I think you slept long enough.
Whew!
We, uh... We didn't get
to finish what we started.
You need to get out of here.
Later, Trager.
Lou, you're not disturbing me.
What's going on?
I've got someone here
you'll want to meet.
The kid showed up here this morning
and he's right up your alley.
In other words,
no one else wants to treat him.
It's not like that.
Nobody knows where he came from.
But he seems sharp and he's...
Look, you gotta see him for yourself.
I'll stop by at 10:00 tomorrow.
Look, um, this afternoon OK?
I'm on my way.
- Ah! It's alive.
- Bite me.
No, thanks.
That's Declan's job.
Shut up, dweeb.
Declan?
What happened to Mike Suby?
Old news.
Declan's her new flavor of the month.
Or of the week,
in Miss Skanky's case.
Knock it off.
So who's this Declan guy?
Just a friend.
He's having a party this week.
- Can I take the car?
- We'll see.
Sorry, guys.
I have to go out for a bit.
- Go out?
- Lou Daniels just called.
- Nicole, it's Sunday.
- It's urgent.
It sounds like a really special case.
They always do.
Save some pancakes for me, OK?
Yeah, let's roll, man.
For some reason,
the more people I saw,
the more alone I felt.
Yo, let's get some juice down here.
'Sup? Everyone taking stupid pills
around here? Juice me.
Most of our time is spent trying
to lessen the pains of life.
I was about to learn
how to quash hunger.
See something you like, punk?
You're gonna see my fist
if you don't quit eyeballin' me.
Kick his ass, man.
Be cool, Skeeter.
He can't understand a word you say.
He ain't dissin' you, man.
All right.
If he keeps starin' at me,
then I have to kick his sorry ass.
I had no reason to fear this person.
But he reminded me
of the snake in the woods
just before it struck.
I was glad
to see a familiar face,
but a pressure below my waist
was bothering me.
Come on, show me what you got.
Come on, put your hands up.
Put 'em up!
You ain't tough, new kid.
Come on, put 'em up!
Come on.
I wanted to learn his game,
but the pain in my belly
was getting more intense.
Hey!
I barely noticed
the discomfort on my face
because, inside me,
something had flipped
and I began to feel wonderful.
Great job, guys.
No rec privileges for a week.
Now get out of here.
Now!
Everybody out!
Hey, Nicole.
Thanks for coming by to see him.
Does "him" have a name?
The paperwork says "John Doe"
- for the time being.
- John Doe.
What's a handsome boy like that
doing with a dead man's name?
You know, he kind of reminds me
of my brother, Kyle.
He got all the looks in the family.
That's perfect. Kyle.
Yeah.
Can't speak a word, but damned
if he doesn't know what you're saying.
- I'll be outside if you need me.
- Fine.
I wanted to show her where
I'd come from and what I'd seen.
So let me understand.
The boy has no family that you know of,
he doesn't communicate
and was found wandering alone.
That's all his folder said.
No AMBER Alerts,
no missing person's report, nothing.
But there is one more thing
you should see.
No belly button.
- They'll never go for this.
- Just a few days.
- Finally. I'm starving.
- Did you get lo mein?
Your mom's got something
to talk to you about.
I have a new patient
and where he's staying isn't safe,
so I'm bringing him here
for a little while.
Some mental patient's
going to live in our house?
He's not a mental patient.
He's a very sweet, very special boy.
I know what "special" means.
He'll probably drool.
I have to say I had thought, I'd hoped,
that you'd both show compassion.
- You don't know him.
- He can't touch my things.
That's enough.
If your mom says he's coming,
he's coming, and that's final.
This is it.
Home.
Where you'll be staying for a few days.
At least until I can...
My first thought was that flat,
tiny people must be living in the walls.
But then I understood.
Humans grow smaller as they develop,
and pretty soon I'd be shrinking myself.
Maybe one day this woman
would hold me too.
The images made my mind explode
with complex mathematical formula.
Would you like to play a game, Kyle?
Here.
Lots of kids have tons of fun
with this one.
This is called a mouse.
When you move it, this arrow...
Hello, there. I am a bird.
I fly high into the sky.
- Touch the sky and watch me fly.
- Hello.
- Did you bring him home?
- He's on the computer right now.
Do you need me?
It could be a lot to handle.
- Honey, I'll be fine.
- Touch the house.
Getting a little old for Barney,
aren't we, Josh?
When I saw her, I realized
something was horribly wrong.
Humans grow larger over time,
not smaller.
It bothered me.
Wasn't I ever small?
Why didn't you tell me he was
in the house? He saw my boobs.
What did she? Did he just?
I promise, we're fine.
I've got another call. I've gotta go.
...late-breaking news.
We'll go out to that right now.
Our top story, a teenage girl
washed up on shore this morning,
having no memory whatsoever
of how she got there.
Fractions, fractions,
all done. Yum, yum.
How much blood? I'm on my way.
Listen, there's an emergency at work.
I need you to watch Kyle.
- Sure, Mom.
- I'm serious. Watch him.
I'll be right back.
Hello. Oh, hi, Hilary.
No, Declan hasn't called.
If he's with Jessica
he's probably got the clap by now.
You know me. I felt weird when Mike Suby
put his hand down my pants.
'Cause all I could think about
were these warts on his hand.
That could be him.
If I don't click over you'll know why.
Hello.
Oh, hi, Declan.
No, I wasn't talking to anyone.
What's up?
I know!
It was the most beautiful
sound in the world.
It was part mathematics
and part... euphoria.
I felt certain that whatever this was
was a gift to the world,
meant to fill all that heard it
with a flood of emotion.
Amanda, I'm home.
It then struck me that not everyone
could appreciate this miracle.
The sound increased my sorrow
for those who could not hear it.
There was a pounding in my chest,
my face felt like it was burning,
and more than anything,
I wanted to disappear.
Oh!
Run, Mom!
There's a psycho in the shower!
It's OK, Josh. It's OK.
This is Kyle,
the special boy I was telling you about.
If he's so special,
why did you stick him in the bathtub?
Nice to meet you, perv.
The reason I am letting that slide
is because I have a favor to ask of you.
I would like Kyle to bunk in your room
for a couple of nights.
Are you kidding?
He's got bed-wetter written all over.
Well, I'm only asking.
Fine, but you better bust out
the rubber sheets.
Have you seen Lori?
She was supposed to watch him.
Some teacher called with test results.
Mrs. Planny-Parenthood.
I was beginning to sense
that my very presence
was turning these people
against each other.
- You and I are gonna have a talk.
- Oh, no. Did something happen to Kyle?
Besides him going outside by himself?
You can forget about Declan's party.
Mmm.
Hi, honey.
Is something wrong with Lori?
She seems upset.
She's having a difficult time
understanding responsibility.
Is this the, uh?
Kyle, this is my husband, Stephen.
- Honey, this is Kyle.
- Hello, Kyle.
I'm happy to make your acquaintance.
- Can he understand a single thing?
- I don't think so.
At least he doesn't look dangerous.
Watch it, watch it!
It's hot. Hot. Ouch.
This being was clearly
a superior communicator.
I somehow understood everything it said
and wondered why others chose
to speak so ineffectively.
You know, this neighborhood
isn't zoned for halfway houses.
- Good evening, by the way.
- Excuse me?
One of your challenged cases
broke into my...
He didn't break in, Mom.
...broke into my house this afternoon
and snuck up on Amanda
while she was alone.
Who knows what could have happened
if I hadn't come home.
I'm so sorry, Carol.
Lori was responsible
for watching Kyle this afternoon.
Nicole, I would hate to make this
into a police matter...
Come along, Amanda.
I'll see you later.
It's not fair, Dad.
I was in the next room.
I didn't leave him alone
with Michael Jackson.
There are over 800,000 words
in the English language.
The eyes speak a more precise code
through their narrowing...
- We're not running a retard farm.
- Josh.
...brow arches, dilations,
blinking or the asymmetrical closure
which I hadn't deciphered.
Don't you think this
is getting out of hand?
Cool it. What did we say about giving
your mom latitude for a couple days?
I was suffering from thirst,
but my language skills
were relatively primitive,
so I relied on phrases I'd memorized.
Yo! Let's get some juice down here!
'Sup? Everyone takin' stupid pills
around here?
Juice me.
Oh, man, sweet.
He's like the Indian from Cuckoo's Nest.
Wait.
Did he just learn to talk in one day?
No. Lori, that's impossible.
- Right, honey?
- Can you understand me, Kyle?
- Go on, do it again.
- Mom!
Is that how you talk to a dog?
"Go on, do it again"?
Watch this. Kyle, speak.
I felt weird when Mike Suby
put his hand down my pants,
'cause all I could think about
were these warts on his hand.
Ha!
It's amazing.
Autism typically involves mimicry,
but Kyle isn't emotionally withdrawn.
His behaviors aren't fixated.
Can he understand us or not?
I can't say. I've never dealt
with anyone like him before.
Suby. Nice one!
- I can't wait to test him.
- Why haven't the police found anything?
- Somebody has to be missing this kid.
- So far no one's filed a report.
The whole thing is really strange.
Even stranger,
he doesn't have a belly button.
No belly button.
I saw for myself.
Kyle's stomach is totally smooth.
- How could that be?
- He's extraordinary.
Nicole, you said just a few days.
Well, I'm not sending him back
to that facility.
You are so wrapped up in this kid.
- He can't stay here indefinitely.
- I know.
Social Services promised to find
a safe spot for him by Monday.
- Monday.
Come on, boys, let's get to work.
Whoa. Slow down, Rain Man.
I haven't finished
grading the last one.
You're kidding.
That was an hour test.
How long did it take him, five minutes?
Yeah. And he got them all right!
What is this kid, seriously?
Freaky, man.
Hello. Dr. Fields, please.
Try not to move, Kyle.
Damn. When's the last time
you had this calibrated?
- I go away for a week...
- I ran two MRls this morning.
- You blind? Look, it's a mess.
- What is it?
The equipment's on the fritz.
See this red area here?
That's the active part of the brain.
Yeah. So?
You and I use maybe seven percent
of our brains at any given time.
Einstein used nine percent of his brain.
Rupert here uses two percent.
- It means he's a super-genius?
- It means mechanical failure.
- Come back another time.
- What if the machine's right?
Hypothetically speaking,
with this type of neural hyperactivity,
he'd be prone to all sorts
of seizures, strokes, tumors.
Tumors.
Wow. It's been a busy day,
huh, kiddo?
Good night, Kyle. Sweet dreams.
Hey, dude.
You're not gonna wig out on me, right?
I mean, if something weird
starts to happen,
like you foam at the mouth,
don't do it here.
Go get my mom.
Damn, I miss Charlotte.
Charlotte's Miss Playpen, dude.
The magazine?
My mom hid her.
Where?
I don't know, my brother.
I know not.
Here. You're gonna need that.
- What's wrong?
- First drink, then talk.
Hi! Hi, Harry!
Ooh.
An ancient ceremony was
underway involving spastic gyrations.
The heat made me sweat
and I needed something to drink.
- Who's that?
- I don't know, but he's cute.
So spill it already.
I hope you weren't too set
on hooking up with Declan.
Hey, beer bong!
- Maybe I don't want to know after all.
- Yeah.
Then I wouldn't go in there.
Chug, chug, chug!
At the children's home, the other
captives referred to a strange place.
I finally realized I'd arrived...
in hell.
Eww.
The appearance of an unknown enemy
had begun to agitate the group.
Party's over!
Hold it right there.
Nobody move!
I dropped my phone.
- Relax.
- I didn't do anything.
Tell the judge that.
- Whoa!
- What happened?
Whoa, snap!
Did you see that?
- Whoa. He's gonna cut himself.
- He just walked into a window!
Get back here.
Leave her alone!
- Leave her alone.
- She didn't do anything!
Cool it, kid. You're fried.
I remembered how the snake
had tried to frighten me.
Oh!
Whoa!
Oh.
I hoped this creature would have
as much sense as the snake.
Go home. Go home!
I am... leaking.
God. What happened to you?
I don't know, Mom.
There's no blood on any doors,
and the windows ain't broken.
That's OK.
We'll figure it out tomorrow.
The images reminded me
I had no memory of ever being small.
What...
...am I?
Well, Kyle,
that's a difficult question to answer.
You're a boy.
A special boy, and...
...boys are human beings.
Even with years of historical research,
the more humans try
to define themselves,
the more they drown
in their own confusion.
...evolutionist point of view.
You... know not.
Now this one.
It will help you detox.
Forget it. One more sip and this place
becomes a barfatorium.
Focus on something else.
Like, say, your knight in shining armor.
- What?
- Don't give me that.
The guy who saved your ass last night.
The guy with all the Jackie Chan moves.
The guy who carried you home.
Oh, my God.
Kyle. I thought I dreamt that.
So does your dream have digits?
Yeah, mine.
Remember that short-bus kid
I told you about?
Hi, babe.
Apparently, not all forms
of greetings are appropriate.
You scared me.
What is scared?
Oh. Scared...
...is fear.
Like... Ahh!
I get scared.
What? What are you scared of?
Everything.
I don't know what...
Kyle, I can't imagine
how strange and scary
the world must feel to you right now.
But it will get better.
I swear.
Help me...
...Mom.
I'm gonna take care of you, Kyle.
I promise.
Hey. I can't believe I offered
to fix their computer.
Their hard drive's fried
and photos are on it.
I think Tim's mug scared it.
- You'll figure it out. You always do.
- Yeah.
- Stephen?
- Yeah?
I can't do it.
I can't send Kyle away.
- Nicole.
- Not the way he is now.
We talked about this.
We agreed.
He's just so vulnerable.
And even the best facilities can't
give Kyle enough care and attention.
Are you gonna
drop your other cases?
You're already consumed by your work.
Now you want to treat patients at home?
Just this one.
There's something remarkable about him.
I feel for the kid.
You know I do.
But we have enough going on
with our own kids.
- Our own family.
- Just until we figure out who he is,
- and where he belongs.
- But we may never know.
I know it's asking a lot.
Yeah. Too much.
Check with Lou Daniels.
Maybe Social Services
has something good for him.
I can't seem to find his file.
I've got nothing for him, Nicole.
I'm sorry.
Thank you, Lou.
Come on, now. Where are you?
Don't touch that.
Those are for killing rats.
Rats are your enemy.
No, but when they start paying rent,
they can put down people traps.
No, Kyle, we don't want them
in the house.
So you kill them?
Yeah.
I guess.
Ha! There it is!
Man.
Damn it!
Whereas verbal communication
was so random and contradictory,
this language was a logical math-based
shorthand that made perfect...
Oh, come on.
Wow. That's it.
That's the one.
How did you?
You find this?
- Why'd you do that?
- You said you missed her.
Take a shot.
Shoot some hoops?
All right. Let me show you.
Now you.
Nice!
OK. Kyle's gonna be down in a sec.
Look, I have a favor to ask each of you.
Before you all jump down my throat,
I'd like you to think about it.
I was thinking...
I was hoping that you wouldn't mind
if Kyle stayed with us a while longer.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org